h1. Air Native Extension for iOS Device + Simuator - NetworkInfo (Universal/Fat binary)

NetworkInfo is an "Air native extension":http://www.adobe.com/devnet/air/native-extensions-for-air.html that allows AIR application developers, from ActionScript, to get information for each network interface.

ActionScript already provides a NetworkInfo class that works on desktop and AIR for TV devices. This native extension provides a similar class so that AIR applications for iOS can also get information for each network interface
This extension enables checking for the existence of an app to handle any specified URL within an Air project. The extension has a single command that checks for a URL handler.

Note: This is an enhanced version of "Adobe NetworkInfo":http://www.adobe.com/devnet/air/native-extensions-for-air/extensions/networkinfo.html implementaion to support running on iOS Simulator along with that it also has a ant build script to easily build in future 

h3. Binary files

The bin folder contains the compiled extension and the default swc, which can be used for local testing if required by your development environment (Flash Builder shouldn't need it, but other IDEs may).

h3. Building

Requirements - Adobe Air SDK 3.1 or later, XCode IDE, Java SDK, Apache Ant

Mac_Terminal>cd build
Mac_Terminal>ant all

h2. License

Modified: GnanaPrakash
Owner: Knobay Technologies
http://www.knobay.com

Copyright (c) 2015, Knobay Technologies Pvt Ltd.
All rights reserved.

Original:
ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED
Copyright 2011 Adobe Systems Incorporated
All Rights Reserved.

NOTICE:  Adobe permits you to use, modify, and distribute this file in accordance with the
terms of the Adobe license agreement accompanying it.  If you have received this file from a
source other than Adobe, then your use, modification, or distribution of it requires the prior
written permission of Adobe.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
* Neither the name of Stick Sports Ltd. nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
  
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.